When I first found out that Ultra Q would be coming to Switzerland I became ecstatic. I've been a fan since 2021 and couldnt stop listening to them. They had two shows in Switzerland. One in Aarau and the other in Winterthur. I would've loved to have gone to both but I had a Physics exam on the following day after the Aarau concert. Anyways, i kinda forced one of my friend to come with. Luckily, she agreed. I dont know anyone that has a very similar music taste than me in the real world. Its always hard finding people to come with me to these shows. Anyways, on the friday night of the Winterthur concert we ended up arriving an hour earlier than expected. The concert app I was using showed us the wrong time when the doors would be open. So there was me and my friend out in the freezing cold and to top it off, it was snowing. Before we even knew that we came way too early, we wondered around the entrance and saw the tour vans and a big door open.  We didnt see ultra Q, but we literally saw the other bands unpacking their stuff and carrying it into the venue 😭. We couldve easily gone in, but decided not to. After that, we decided to walk around the outside of the venue. I saw someone outside standing by the entrance of a back door. The closer we approached him, the more I realised it was literally enzo standing outside. I was freaking out inside but i kept my composure  and in the most calm tone i was like "oh, ultra q!". Enzo smiled and was like "yeah :D"
The first time we approached Enzo was when I asked him where the entrance was. He also barely had a clue and just pointed us to a general direction. The second time we both approached him In the calmest way possible i asked him that the doors would only open in an hour. Enzo apologised and said that thats also on them, that they didn't inform the app before already. Enzo also showed that he was on a call with his girlfriend which i totally didnt notice!! He kinda felt bad that we had to wait outside. I told him that he doesn't have to feel obliged to do anything for us since he doesn't have that much of an authority at the venue apart from being a performer. Anyways, he was kind enough to give both me and my friend tea TT. I thanked him so much for it. After that me and my friend waited until the doors opened. 
We finally could go in and there I literally saw Kevin walking back and forth from Backstage to the merch stand. I was freaking out as well. Then i saw him just kinda stand at the merch corner. Me being probably the most hardcore fan at the venue slowly approached the merch stand and greeted Kevin. We had a really nice chat and I told him how long I've been listening to them for. It was a really nice interaction and it felt so natural as well. I kept my cool (most important) and it felt like a really nice convo. The concert finally happened, which i was most happy about. Me ofc stand right at front. Ultra Q was ofc the support band for bad nerves. So there were so little people actually dancing to Ultra Q and the rest were kinda behind just kinda standing there. The concert came and went. I remember Kevin asking me if I'm staying for Bad Nerves as well, if not i couldve met the rest of the band members during the bad nerves performance. In Retrospect I wouldve probably had a longer time to talk to them if had asked them to chat during the bad nerves performance. Nonetheless, i got the opportunitiy to speak to all of them. It was sooo overwhelming having literally all four members forming a semi circle around me omgggg. But we had a really great conversation and i really enjoyed the (short) time i had with them. I think i even taught them some swiss slang lol. Oh and dont even ask how much I spent just for their merch.