So, first off a little bit of context on why i ended up in Cleveland out of all places in the United States. I spent two weeks in the USA, with my time mainly being spent in Detroit. Why Detroit? At my highschool, everybody approaching their senior year has to write a thesis paper from a topic of their choice. Im very into cities and sociology, so Detroit was a great option knowing its history and further future development. So, Ultra Q actually did perform in Hamtramck (A city within Detroit) but exactly on that day I had booked a basketball game to watch TT. So, me and my dad decided to go to Cleveland (Lakewood) to see Ultra Q perform there. First off, the venue (Mahall's) looks really cool. It has so much character. Anyways, fast forward to me sitting down near the Ultra Q merch stand, Kevin spotted me. I said "Hey Kevin! Do you still remember me?". He was like "Uuh, yeah, weren't you at one of our european concerts?". After that we had a pretty decent chat. Ofc theyre popular and they spoke to other concert goers as well. I already bought their merch before the concert started. I had to get their empty eddy tour vinyl editon, both of their cassettes (especially the In a Cave in a Video Game cassette). Me and Kevin even got a selfie together. Which was great obviously haha. The Concert came and went. Ofc all the other bands performed as great as well. What I found sooo coool was that right after Ultra Q finished performing their last song, Enzo gave me a handshake before leaving the stage. IT WAS SO COOL. Like ofc he would remember me the most out of all the members. But I found it sooo cool. After Anxious performed, I was standing in line to buy their merch. Me and enzo glanced at eachother and said hi. (Which is also pretty cool). So yeah, after that the entire band came to say hi and talk to me. It was the same as in Winterthur. They all formed a semi circle around me. I told them about why im in the USA. Its so funny how Enzo and Chris both asked the same questions about my research, thus proving that theyre both brothers haha. BUT it was soo cool, cuz literally the entire band still remembered me. Jakob greeted me with a hug (which is epic) and i greeted all the other members as if we're friends haha. But yeah, after the concert we had a longg chat again and i asked jakob for his photo album. I was so overwhelmed by speaking to chris and enzo that Jakob and Kevin were more less just listening. But yeah, best experience. IMAGINE YOUR FAVOURITE BAND KNOWING YOU. Me from the past would be freaking out haha. 